P1: So, Chemotherape is actually over, you know, do to .......Companys develop Chemotherape Agents. Except improvement. You can see that, even from very very beginning, that nitrogen mustard was used. it was not replacement, nitrogen mustard was found by Alexander to extrang the ling float of unfourturenate people was explosed.and so Later on gumer treatment was desided to treat Patient, so the resional was always been there.   
P2: And of cause the discovery of Oncogenes is 1976, there was exited the oncogenes is definately the target. Because oncogenes cause cancer. And therefore, it's the horse. If you shoot the horse, you stop the cart. That is the reshionality. Again we have reshinality.      
P3: Today, 100,000 patients Sequenced, there are no new major oncogenes, and remaining ...like candidates,   are strugling for dedicates. it is time to go back, and think about what was really cause this cancer.
P4: Cancer, like many other metabolic ...It is caused by the inbalance of the fire and water, Yin and Yang. it is do that is caused by oxidative stress, DNA Damage,
P5: That in 1966, AutoGarber. We will find out what cause cancer. And the conclusion was not caused by 
P6: 
P7:
P8: Simply the DNA Repair, very very very much, something pay attention. Because it is kind less tiping the balance. if Cancer cells and gene is stable and even more genomicly stable. 
P9: so you can see here, cancer self
P10: So, we discover there is two differences, that is highly regulating,  stability, 
P15: this ingection is causing cancer. In China, there is one million patient that having deceses that related to 
P16:
P17: Part of the reason is 
P32: What about the others? Fail, fail, fail, fail, so far every phase 3 trials, combined PD-1 is PD-1.
P33: So, What are we going to do?
P35: Number one, do not forget that the T-cell are sitting in the same tumor, what they eat, what they small, what they drink, Th T-cell do.
P36: So, we have to ask a question. we publish a paper in 2015 that metabolism is important for the cancer.
P37: we then pulish another paper in 2017, the T-cell metoblism is the same as the metabolism of the cancer cell. So do not forget that don't forgive anything that give the T-cell. That is the number one.
P38: Lesson nubmer two: you can see very well, 
P42: Excuse me, Chen, Where is the paper?
P47: Right here in the middle, is T-cell is trying to tumour. If they win, very good. If it lose.
P48: 20 to 30 percent of the tumor look like this, there is a wall, which is made of macrophages, stopping the T-cell to get in, it is like Helen of Troy. 
P51: so how to win that war? how to win that war?
P68: Thank you!



